rpc: add sort_order in tx_search (#4253)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

- [cli] \#4234 Add `--db_backend and --db_dir` flags (@princesinha19)
- [cli] \#4113 Add optional `--genesis_hash` flag to check genesis hash upon startup
- [config] \#3831 Add support for [RocksDB](https://rocksdb.org/) (@Stumble)

> - [config] [\#3333] Add `order_by` in `tx_search` RPC method (@princesinha19)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [rpc] [\#3333] Add `order_by` to `/tx_search` endpoint, allowing to change default ordering from asc to desc (more in the future) (@princesinha19)
```
